Factory Reset and RDM added (#1)
carallon/pharos-controller-api: sphinx-src/web-api/factory-reset.rst

Factory Reset
##############

> Reboots the controller and wipes all settings off the unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes all controller settings and reboots the unit.
```
